Adapt documentation of kostal plenticore to match changes in core. (#29811)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/kostal_plenticore.markdown

| Battery Charge from Grid Year   | kWh  | Energy charged to the battery from the Grid of the current year. |
| Battery Charge from Grid Total  | kWh  | Energy charged to the battery from the Grid total. |
| Battery Charge from PV Day    | kWh  | Energy to the battery on the DC side charged by PV during the current day. |
| Battery Charge from PV Month  | kWh  | Energy to the battery on the DC side charged by PV during the current month. |
| Battery Charge from PV Year   | kWh  | Energy to the battery on the DC side charged by PV during the current year. |
| Battery Charge from PV Total  | kWh  | Energy to the battery on the DC side charged by PV  total. |
| Battery Discharge Day | kWh | Energy from the battery on the DC side discharged during the current day. |
| Battery Discharge Month | kWh | Energy from PV on DC-side used to charge the battery of the current month. |
| Battery Discharge Year | kWh | Energy from PV on DC-side used to charge the battery of the current year. |
| Battery Discharge Total | kWh | Energy from PV on DC-side used to charge the battery total. |
| Energy to Grid Day | kWh | Energy fed into the grid for the current day. |

> | Energy to Grid Month | kWh | Energy fed into the grid for the current day. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Energy to Grid Month | kWh | Energy fed into the grid for the current month. |
```

> | Energy to Grid Year | kWh | Energy fed into the grid for the current day. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Energy to Grid Year | kWh | Energy fed into the grid for the current year. |
```

> | Energy to Grid Total | kWh | Energy fed into the grid for the current day. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Energy to Grid Total | kWh | Energy fed into the grid in total, since the system was installed. |
```

> | Sum power of all PV DC inputs | W | Sum all power from all PV inputs. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sum power of all PV DC inputs | W | Total sum of power provided by all PV inputs together. |
```

<div class='note'>
The inverter does not provide any data about the energy that is fed into the grid directly, but the `pykoplenti` library provides it via virtual process data.
</div>

> #### Configuration of Energy Dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuration of the energy dashboard
```

> The following sensors can be used in the [Energy Dashboard](/docs/energy/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sensors can be used in the [energy dashboard](/docs/energy/):
```

> | Energy Dashboard | Sensor |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Energy dashboard | Sensor |
```
